---
title: "Philosophy of Teaching"
permalink: /philosophy/philosophy/
date: 2025-10-09
---
Communication is an essential part of social and political life. Teaching writing in higher education therefore carries political stakes in every aspect. I start designing my syllabus with the purpose of nurturing citizens and professionals, encouraging the class to engage with writing with social awareness. As an educator, I try to bridge my transnational expertise with students’ intimate experiences. For example, I have asked my students to discuss the social media ban on teenagers in Australia, a topic that allowed them to draw on personal experiences while critically engaging with social issues through their distinct voices.

To develop students’ unique voices, I ask my students to start with details, specificities, and contextualization when they encounter big theories. On one hand, this constant practice gives students room for originality and creativity, helping them express and develop unique writing styles. I hope students can delve into projects that suit their interests and create writing they would proudly share with their families and friends. On the other hand, language and rhetoric carry inherent biases. Analyzing texts grounded in their contexts will allow students to adopt a justice-oriented approach to reading and writing, a skill indispensable to their intellectual and professional endeavors.

Working with diverse students has taught me that the most crucial aspect of teaching is to clearly communicate the desired learning outcomes for each lesson and all instructional designs. One valuable approach I increasingly rely on is project scaffolding through such tasks as research proposals, annotated bibliographies, and peer reviews. This way, my students do not need to be “perfect” writers or researchers. Instead, we treat writing as a creative process while working toward clear goals. By focusing on these manageable steps, I find it easier to adjust my delivery and create engaging activities based on the specific needs and conditions of each classroom. Through this student-centered approach and regular assessment of their progress, I strive to ensure that each student can achieve their full potential.
